use pseudo inverse squareroot on transformed x (#250)
openpharma/mmrm: vignettes/coef_vcov.Rmd

\]

Where $W_i$ is the block diagonal part for subject $i$ of $W$ matrix, $\hat\epsilon_i$ is the observed residuals for subject i,
$L_i$ is the Cholesky factor of $\Sigma_i^{-1}$ ($W_i = L_i L_i^\top$).

> See more in [Weighted Least Square Empirical Covariance](empirical_wls.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the detailed explanation of these formulas in the [Weighted Least Square Empirical Covariance](empirical_wls.html) vignette.
```
